How come no one invited Phil?
It's your party
Hey Wes, Ted. I'm gunna head out but
Thank you so much for hosting. I've never been to a Martin Luther King Jr. day party before
yeah
It's always been a dream of mine to throw one
you good to drive?
Ah, actually Chris is going to take me home
(scoffs) then laughs
Okay
What's so funny?
Doesn't Chris live like an hour in the opposite direction?
Yeah, he said it was no trouble
He like's you. Okay, we called the day you guys met.
Nooo, we're just friends. He even said so himself
A friend wouldn't offer to drive an hour out of his way just to take you home.
Well maybe in your insensitive driven world, but believe it or not guys and girls can be just friends
Look, Megan. I hate to blow the secret for all the guys out there
But, a guy that want's to be friends and a guy that want's to be more than friends, they act differently
Like how?
(Is she for realz rn)
(Slowly) Friends
(beep beep)
UUUH, it's still not responding
uuh, I don't know, sorry
More than friends
Yeah, I'm checking the forms right now, and if you want I can pick it up for you tomorrow
I have a friend that's great at computers, owes me a huge favor and just in case
I'll make an appointment with the Apple Store, right now
(creaking sign)
UUU, just put down 10
Wait, don't you owe me money? Boiiii
(Harp strum)
Nooo, no no no what do you think you're doing?
You got me last time
No, okay just give it to me next time got that
You say that every time
I don't, No, I don't say that every time
You Do- Okay I say that every time
(creaking sign)
We're going out tonight to celebrate my promotion, you should stop by
Nah, I'm gunna pass, traffic is probably terrible right now (slams the gate way to heaven)
Wait, are any of your coworkers cute?
(Twinkling of the stars of above)
Yeah, I'm on my way. No, there's barely any traffic. I'll see you in two hours
:0
(creaking sign)
Oh, geez, You know what? I think I left my bobby pin at home
So? (oooooooooooh buuuuuurn)
(drops a mic as he walks away)
(Harp strum)
I think I left my bobby pin at home
Well, I can drive home and get it for you
Oh, you don't have to
(you know the drill)
Oh! Gossip Girls is streaming!
What?!
I know! I know!
Who cares?
(looks back at da phone....)
twink a link link
Oh! Gossip Girls is streaming!
Oh, what season should we start on?
Okay, I'm gunna have to stop you right there. Gossip Girls is a legitimately good show
Yeah, I have the DVD box set
Okay fine, just ignore all the facts
He's not being nice because he want's something out of it, he's just a good guy
Here, I'll prove it
Chri- Oh my god
Hey, we're you about to call my name?
Oh, here's that water you asked for earlier
Sorry it took me so long
I wrote your name on the cup so you don't get it mixed up
Chris, Buddy
Are you sure you'd give me a ride home?
Even though it's like two hours out of the way?
(mumbles)
I'd never notice, No seriously. Yeah, of course, No. I gotchu
And you're not giving me any special treatment and you'd do this for any of your friends
UUUUUUUUUUUUU, yeah
silly, yeah of course
Hey, do you think we could stop by this one guy's house.
He's throwing a party and I kind of like him
(You like another human being other than my beautiful self????)
Chris?
(You daughter of a biscuit)
What are you?
(WE SHALL BE ENEMIES TILL THE END OF TIME)
Why?
(I am regretting my life choices)
Yeah, I can totally give you a ride home.
Guys are-
Jerks, yeah
Do you think one of you guys can give me a ride home?
NO
tha-we said it at the same time
Jinx